hello everybody welcome back my name is
Sparks and this is game-mode 4 when this
series first started I mentioned that I
was very keen to get you the community
to help interact and shape the series
and serve I've done an incredible job of
making excellent suggestions and showing
the series support so I'd like to say
thank you all for that however another
thing that I was hoping for with this
series is to be able to showcase plugins
other people of designed to further
involve all the redstone is watching and
this has finally happened so I'm very
pleased to present blue fires potion
swords plugin so a german youtuber
called blue fire recently contacted me
with this design right here and i really
liked it i thought it was very very well
done what it does is it adds new
functionality to golden swords
specifically golden it doesn't work with
any other type the sword will have
different effects on mobs and you
depending on the kind of potions you
have in your inventory so for example if
i go into here there's three different
types of potion that this sword works
with there's slowness four minutes of
slowness poison to and instant health -
i like the fact that these are all
higher tier potions they're a bit harder
to get hold of so let's let's do the
slowness one first this one is
especially useful with zombies so we
have a zombie over here and see if I
smack him with the sword he will be
unable to move for a couple of seconds
he's been given a very strong slowness
effect and as his zombies primarily
swarm you and can affect occasionally
resist the knock back effect this is a
really nice additional thing so that
works really nicely these potions can
actually be stacked as well so let's put
the slowness one back for the moment and
take ourselves a poison two potion
he's been very clever with this blue
fire and rather than using a poison
effect on the mobs he uses wither so you
saw that it was taking damage there even
when I wasn't punching him you can see
that again
yeah it's taken damage even though I'm
not damaging him and he used the wither
effect instead of poison because poison
doesn't affect Undead mobs in fact quite
a few hostile mobs and not affected
my poison at all where is where there
seems to be a lot more universal so that
was a very good change to that
and finally the instant health 2 potion
effect actually affects the player
rather than the zombie so you can see it
gives you two extra hearts so I can
actually keep regaining these hearts
while fighting these up this zombie
which makes you a lot more powerful
against mobs because you'll take hit and
by by attacking mobs you almost steal
their hearts from which is a really nice
really nice game mode feeling to it and
I don't think this is overpowered for
several reasons and I like it for two
reasons the first reason actually it is
technically one reason but there's two
parts to it the first reason is simply
that golden swords are useless
because they break very quickly and in a
normal survival settings I don't know
about you but I don't really use potions
much so I think that it adds a really
nice effect like that the reason that I
don't think it's overpowered is because
golden swords break quickly so you can
only fight a few mobs with the sword
before it runs out and you need another
one so I've only hit a couple of moms so
what is it like four or five now and
it's nearly dead so you don't really get
get an effect of of it being too
overpowered in my opinion I can see here
I'm mixing all three effects here he
also mentions both at the saturation
effect will affect players other players
nearby within three blocks of you so
sort of a nice multiplayer aspect to it
as well so yeah I think it isn't really
overpowered and the potions of course
you have to grind a little bit and get a
little bit through the game before you
can use those potions and their higher
tier so you need to put a little bit
more work into producing them and they
take up some inventory space so
all-in-all I really like this plugin the
plug-in can be changed to support other
potion effects as well quite easily but
I've decided to leave it with just these
three because I think it's quite nicely
balanced with just three effects it
might be a little bit too much if fer if
more things were added so I'm not really
gonna explain too much how this works
since it's not my design but there's
always there will be a schematic and a
world download in this description so if
you want to just play with this
then feel free to do so you can download
it there's actually a little hidden
easter egg try setting the poison effect
to your sword and attacking a skeleton
I'm not gonna tell you what happens but
it's certainly interesting you have to
find out for yourself well thank you
very much as always for watching I hope
you enjoyed the episode and thank you
very much to blue fire for submitting
this plugin I think it was really well
done there's a link to his channel in
the description as I did mention at the
start he is German his channel is a
German channel but go over and show him
some love anyway he does understand the
English let's get right onto the
comments so buccola one suggests that I
add a stamina type system we were
discussing it for a little bit and it
looks like a really cool idea I'm
definitely going to be trying this one I
think it's gonna have a nice effect to
the gameplay if you have an idea for
something you'd like to see me try and
make in this series feel free to comment
below I try and respond to all my
comments so hopefully we can get through
all of those quite nicely and if you
have any designs you'd like to share
with me then feel free if you want to
come on the episode and talk about the
design with me that's fine too I'll see
you all next time